              LOGIN PAGE FOR DEMOBLAZE     
          
   FUNCTIONAL VERIFICATION
1. Verify if a User should be able to Login with Valid credentials.
2. Verify if a User should be redirected to appropriate page when forget password link is clicked.
3. Verify User Creation is successful for unique user name. Duplicate username creation should not be allowed. 
4. Verify if a User should not be allowed to Login with Valid username and Invalid password.
5. Verify if a User should not be allowed to Login with Invalid username and Invalid password.
6. Verify if a User should not be allowed to Login with blank username field and password.
7. Verify the "Remember me" check box is available on Login screen.
8. There should be a link to Register for new users.
9. Verify messages for Invalid Login.
10.Expired password (notification : 2 days timeline for credentials)
11.Verify if a User is able to Login with a new password only after he/she has changed the password.
12.Reset button should clear data from all text boxes in the Login page.
13.Verify if 'Login'key is working correctly on Login page.
14.Verify if there is a 'Close'or 'Cancel'button available to close the Login page.


   BASIC VALIDATION 
1. Username value is recommended to be Alphanumeric.
2. Length validation for Username and password (for eg: 6-12 characters)
3. Login credentails should case senstitive.
4. Password should be masked and if needed show password / icon can be added to display the password characters.
5. Appropriate validation message should be displayed  when invalid username or password is provided.
6. Special validation messages should be displayed when special characters are provided.
7. Username field should not contain any Symbol or Special characters.
  
  SECURITY CHECKS
1.Verify if a user cannot enter more than the specified range in each field Username and password.
2.Verify if the user is using  Valid email or username with Valid password.
3.Verify if a user should be able to Login  with the same credentials in different browswers at the same time.
4.Login form should come back to original state after displaying validation messages/errors.
5.After successful Logout, Clicking on browser 'back button' should not allow you to enter into system once you log out.
6. Multiple login attempts using same credentails should be prevented to avoid Malicious bot attacks.


